fix: modularizing selecting an ide (#2343)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/examples/proc_using-the-che-prod-editor-file-to-select-an-ide.adoc

[id="using-the-che-prod-editor-file-to-select-an-ide_{context}"]
== Using the {prod-short} editor file to select an IDE

Use the `che-editor.yaml` file to define a default IDE for the project users. For a list of supported IDs, see xref:optional-parameters-for-the-urls-for-starting-a-new-workspace.adoc[Optional parameters for the URLs for starting a new workspace].

.Procedure

> * Place the `che-editor.yaml` file in the `.che` folder in the root of your project, and point it at the ID of the selected IDE:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Place the `che-editor.yaml` file in the `.che` folder in the root directory of your project. 
. In the `che-editor.yaml` file, specify the ID of the IDE you are selecting.
```

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
.Example
```

Reviewer 2: `.Procedure` is correct. See https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs

Reviewer 3: `.Procedure` is correct, but so is introducing an example using the `.Example` heading. Whaty is not correct is the Markdown syntax of the block delimiters :)

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
====
```

id: che-incubator/che-idea/latest

> ```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
====
```

.Additional resources

> * Link to a sample file: https://github.com/che-samples/gradle-demo-project/blob/devfilev2/.che/che-editor.yaml

Reviewer: Determine whether Che docs are allowed to link to GitHub repos. OpenShift writers are effectively banned from doing so. Instead, they are instructed to integrate the content into the documentation. (I dislike this rule, but must mention it anyway.)

Reviewer: Consider specifying the link text like you've done in the second link (`[che-editors.yaml]`) so both links are formatted the same way.

[id="using-the-che-prod-editor-file-to-select-an-ide_{context}"]

> == Using the {prod-short} editor file to select an IDE

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Using the {prod-short} editor file to select an IDE
```

Use the `che-editor.yaml` file to define a default IDE for the project users. For a list of supported IDs, see xref:optional-parameters-for-the-urls-for-starting-a-new-workspace.adoc[Optional parameters for the URLs for starting a new workspace].

.Procedure

. Place the `che-editor.yaml` file in the `.che` folder in the root directory of your project. 
. In the `che-editor.yaml` file, specify the ID of the IDE you are selecting. For example:
+

> ====
> id: che-incubator/che-idea/latest
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
----
id: che-incubator/che-idea/latest
----
```

Reviewer: You don't need to do so here, because you've said `For example:`. However, it is common, at least in the OpenShift docs, to label larger code blocks that contain example values as follows:
```
.Example <some descriptive words>
[source,yaml]
----
big custom resource definition file example
----
```
